(gentle music)
(upbeat music)
♪ It's nine o'clock on a Saturday ♪
♪ The regular crowd shuffles in ♪
♪ There's an old man sittin' next to me ♪
♪ Makin' love to his tonic and gin ♪
(upbeat music continues)
♪ He says, "Son, can
you play me a memory ♪
♪ I'm not really sure how it goes ♪
♪ But it's sad and it's sweet
and I knew it complete ♪
♪ When I wore a younger man's clothes" ♪
♪ La, la-la, di-di-da ♪
♪ La-la, di-di-da, da-dum ♪
(upbeat music continues)
♪ Sing us a song, you're the piano man ♪
♪ Sing us a song tonight ♪
♪ Well, we're all in
the mood for a melody ♪
♪ And you've got us feelin' all right ♪
(upbeat music continues)
♪ Now John at the bar
is a friend of mine ♪
♪ He gets me my drinks for free ♪
♪ And he's quick with a joke,
or to light up your smoke ♪
♪ But there's some place
that he'd rather be ♪
♪ He says, "Bill, I believe
this is killing me" ♪
♪ As a smile ran away from his face ♪
♪ "Well, I'm sure that I
could be a movie star ♪
♪ If I could get out of this place" ♪
♪ Oh, la, la-la, di-di-da ♪
♪ La-la, di-di-da, da-dum ♪
♪ Now Paul is a real estate novelist ♪
♪ Who never had time for a wife ♪
♪ And he's talkin' with Davy,
who's still in the Navy ♪
♪ And probably will be for life ♪
(upbeat music continues)
♪ And the waitress is
practicing politics ♪
♪ As the businessmen slowly get stoned ♪
♪ Yes, they're sharing a
drink they call loneliness ♪
♪ But it's better than drinkin' alone ♪
(upbeat music continues)
♪ Sing us the song, you're the piano man ♪
♪ Sing us a song tonight ♪
♪ Well, we're all in
the mood for a melody ♪
♪ And you've got us feelin' all right ♪
(upbeat music continues)
♪ It's a pretty good
crowd for a Saturday ♪
♪ And the manager gives me a smile ♪
♪ 'Cause he knows that it's me
they've been comin' to see ♪
♪ To forget about life for a while ♪
♪ And the piano, it
sounds like a carnival ♪
♪ And the microphone smells like a beer ♪
♪ And they sit at the bar
and put bread in my jar ♪
♪ And say, "Man, what
are you doin' here" ♪
♪ Oh, la, la-la, di-di-da ♪
♪ La-la, di-di-da, da-dum ♪
(upbeat music continues)
♪ Sing us the song, you're the piano man ♪
♪ Sing us a song tonight ♪
♪ Well, we're all in
the mood for a melody ♪
♪ And you've got us feelin' all right ♪
(upbeat music continues)